data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tsds                                          tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/dotfiles/.bashrc                         tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/dotfiles/.gitconfig                      tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/dotfiles/.gitignore                      tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/dotfiles/.mbsyncrc                       tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/dotfiles/.mutt/muttrc                    tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/dotfiles/.notmuch-config                 tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/dotfiles/.profile                        tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/dotfiles/.vimrc                          tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/favorite/apps-apt-only.txt               tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/favorite/apps-with-repos.txt             tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/favorite/apps-without-repos/ansible.sh   tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/favorite/apps-without-repos/awscli.sh    tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/favorite/apps-without-repos/homebridge.sh tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/favorite/apps-without-repos/terraform.sh tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/install-dotfiles.sh                      tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/install-favorite-apps.sh                 tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/install-widget-shortcuts.sh              tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/install.sh                               tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/setup.sh                                 tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/code-server            tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/icons/code-server.png  tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/pwsh                   tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/tasks/code-server      tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/web-JATB               tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/web-apkmirror          tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/web-facebook           tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/web-gmail              tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/web-google-calendar    tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/web-google-lists       tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/web-google-voice       tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/.shortcuts/web-walgreens-insurance tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/generate-widget-web-shortcuts.sh  tsds
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/opt/tsds/widget/widget-web-shortcuts.txt          tsds
